[FrameworkBundle] Lower uppercase `must` (#20176)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/configuration/framework.rst

.. note::

>     Your service **must** implement the ``Psr\Cache\CacheItemPoolInterface`` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Your service needs to implement the ``Psr\Cache\CacheItemPoolInterface`` interface.
```

? not sure its enough
